Add upcoming event reminders with templates, migration, and tests (#6236)
Couchers-org/couchers: app/backend/templates/v2/event_reminder.txt

Hi {{ user.name }},

> This is a reminder for the upcoming event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a reminder that the upcoming event is happening soon:
```

Author: Yes, sounds better — clearer and more natural.

{{ event_title }}

> Starts at {{ start_time }} UTC

Reviewer: I don't think anyone except for tech people will understand UTC. Can we show the start time in the event's local time? Could say something like `Starts at {{ start_time }} local time`

Author: Yes, good point. I'll update the text to remove UTC and clarify it's local.

> Don’t forget to join on time!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t forget to attend!
```

Author: Agreed, 'attend' is more general and appropriate.
